|Dataset Name | Citation|
|---|---|
Hard | Elnagar A., Khalifa Y.S., Einea A. (2018) Hotel Arabic-Reviews Dataset Construction for Sentiment Analysis Applications. In: Shaalan K., Hassanien A., Tolba F. (eds) Intelligent Natural Language Processing: Trends and Applications. Studies in Computational Intelligence, vol 740, pp: 35-52. Springer International Publishing. doi="10.1007/978-3-319-67056-0_3. url="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-67056-0_3"
|Miam | @unpublished{anonymous2021cross-lingual,title={Cross-Lingual Pretraining Methods for Spoken Dialog},author={Anonymous},journal={OpenReview Preprint},year={2021},url{https://openreview.net/forum?id=c1oDhu_hagR},note={anonymous preprint under review}}
|Ask Ubuntu Corpus, Chatbot Corpus, Web Application Corpus | @InProceedings{braun-EtAl:2017:SIGDIAL,author    = {Braun, Daniel  and  Hernandez-Mendez, Adrian  and  Matthes, Florian  and  Langen, Manfred},title     = {Evaluating Natural Language Understanding Services for Conversational Question Answering Systems},booktitle = {Proceedings of the 18th Annual SIGdial Meeting on Discourse and Dialogue},month     = {August},year      = {2017},address   = {Saarbrücken, Germany},publisher = {Association for Computational Linguistics},pages     = {174--185},url       = {http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/W17-3622}}|  
Hope_edi | @inproceedings{chakravarthi-2020-hopeedi,title = "{H}ope{EDI}: A Multilingual Hope Speech Detection Dataset for Equality, Diversity, and Inclusion",author = "Chakravarthi, Bharathi Raja",booktitle = "Proceedings of the Third Workshop on Computational Modeling of People's Opinions, Personality, and Emotion's in Social Media",month = dec,year = "2020",address = "Barcelona, Spain (Online)",publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",url = "https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/2020.peoples-1.5",pages = "41--53",abstract = "Over the past few years, systems have been developed to control online content and eliminate abusive, offensive or hate speech content. However, people in power sometimes misuse this form of censorship to obstruct the democratic right of freedom of speech. Therefore, it is imperative that research should take a positive reinforcement approach towards online content that is encouraging, positive and supportive contents. Until now, most studies have focused on solving this problem of negativity in the English language, though the problem is much more than just harmful content. Furthermore, it is multilingual as well. Thus, we have constructed a Hope Speech dataset for Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (HopeEDI) containing user-generated comments from the social media platform YouTube with 28,451, 20,198 and 10,705 comments in English, Tamil and Malayalam, respectively, manually labelled as containing hope speech or not. To our knowledge, this is the first research of its kind to annotate hope speech for equality, diversity and inclusion in a multilingual setting. We determined that the inter-annotator agreement of our dataset using Krippendorff{'}s alpha. Further, we created several baselines to benchmark the resulting dataset and the results have been expressed using precision, recall and F1-score. The dataset is publicly available for the research community. We hope that this resource will spur further research on encouraging inclusive and responsive speech that reinforces positiveness.",}
|Atis | @Inproceedings{hakkani-tur2016multi, author    = {Hakkani-Tur, Dilek and Tur, Gokhan and Celikyilmaz, Asli and Chen, Yun-Nung and Gao, Jianfeng and Deng, Li and Wang, Ye-Yi},title     = {Multi-Domain Joint Semantic Frame Parsing using Bi-directional RNN-LSTM},booktitle = {Proceedings of Interspeech},year      = {2016}}|
Allocine | Théophile Blard, French sentiment analysis with BERT, (2020), GitHub repository, https://github.com/TheophileBlard/french-sentiment-analysis-with-bert|
Flue | @misc{le2019flaubert,title={FlauBERT: Unsupervised Language Model Pre-training for French},author={Hang Le and Loïc Vial and Jibril Frej and Vincent Segonne and Maximin Coavoux and Benjamin Lecouteux and Alexandre Allauzen and Benoît Crabbé and Laurent Besacier and Didier Schwab},year={2019},eprint={1912.05372},archivePrefix={arXiv}, primaryClass={cs.CL}}|
Facebook Post Aggression Identification | 1. Ritesh Kumar, Atul Kr. Ojha, Shervin Malmasi, and Marcos Zampieri. 2018a. Benchmarking Aggression Identification in Social Media. In Proceedings of the First Workshop on Trolling, Aggression and Cyberbulling (TRAC), Santa Fe, USA.<br> 2. Ritesh Kumar, Aishwarya N. Reganti, Akshit Bhatia, and Tushar Maheshwari. 2018b. Aggression-annotated Corpus of Hindi-English Code-mixed Data. In Proceedings of the 11th Language Resources and Evaluation Conference (LREC), Miyazaki, Japan.|
Ilist | @proceedings{ws-2018-nlp-similar,title = "Proceedings of the Fifth Workshop on {NLP} for Similar Languages, Varieties and Dialects ({V}ar{D}ial 2018)",editor = {Zampieri, Marcos  andNakov, Preslav  and Ljube{\v{s}}i{\'c}, Nikola  andTiedemann, J{\"o}rg  and Malmasi, Shervin  and Ali, Ahmed},month = aug,year = "2018",address = "Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA", publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",url = "https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/W18-3900",}


